1436790/1438462: Part 34: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10508)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/whats-new/index.md

**Samples**

>  There are a number of WPF samples on our [Open Source GitHub repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/WPF-Samples). Help us improve our samples by sending us a pull-request or opening a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/Microsoft/WPF-Samples/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 There are a number of WPF samples on the [Microsoft/WPF-Samples](https://github.com/Microsoft/WPF-Samples) GitHub repository. Help us improve our samples by sending us a pull-request or opening a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/Microsoft/WPF-Samples/issues).
```
